README.md, before:

# Project Discontinued
This project ("Credixware") has been discontinued in favor of a newer and better rewrite, which is **currently private**. The rewrite (including source code and a tutorial) **will be released**. **For updates see my [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC6zTcjWv8Aix-cOHiaIXFCw) or [Website](https://credixyt.com/)**. Thank you for your understanding!

# FAQ
**Q: Why did you discontinue the project?**
A: Because I want to rewrite the core of the cheat without making the same errors (or at least fewer of them) I made here. I also want to make a tutorial series covering the making of Credixware from the ground-up.

**Q: I am interested in the tutorial series. When and where will you publish it?**
A: It will be published on my [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC6zTcjWv8Aix-cOHiaIXFCw) and [Website](https://credixyt.com/) hopefully in the next month (March).

**Q: I still want to use the cheat. How can I fix it?**
A: First you need to fix the [offsets](https://github.com/CredixYt/Credixware/blob/master/Credixware/Internal/Headers/Offsets.h). You can use offset dumpers or calculate them yourself, my recommendation is [Hazedumper](https://github.com/frk1/hazedumper) by frk1 and RectiioN. Then you need to fix the function indexes, these can be found in the [SDK files](https://github.com/CredixYt/Credixware/tree/master/Credixware/Internal/SDK) and in [Hooks.h](https://github.com/CredixYt/Credixware/blob/master/Credixware/Internal/Headers/Hooks.h). You can find up-to-date indexes on [UnKnoWnCheaTs](https://www.unknowncheats.me/forum/counterstrike-global-offensive/), [MPGH](https://www.mpgh.net/forum/forumdisplay.php?f=526) or by simply Googling things. Lastly, you need to update the structures/classes found in the [SDK files](https://github.com/CredixYt/Credixware/tree/master/Credixware/Internal/SDK). You can also find these on [UnKnoWnCheaTs](https://www.unknowncheats.me/forum/counterstrike-global-offensive/), [MPGH](https://www.mpgh.net/forum/forumdisplay.php?f=526) or Google.

**Q: I can't fix it, can you help?**
A: As much as I would like to help, I don't really have time to. If you have experience with game hacking you can ask for help on [UnKnoWnCheaTs](https://www.unknowncheats.me/forum/counterstrike-global-offensive/), [MPGH](https://www.mpgh.net/forum/forumdisplay.php?f=526) or any game hacking related site. If you want to get into game hacking I would recommend starting with externals, not internals as externals are easier and faster to write/learn. If you don't want to code I would recommend choosing an up-to-date game hack and not an old source/base.

# Contact
Website: [credixyt.com](https://credixyt.com)
Email: [credixyt@gmail.com](mailto:credixyt@gmail.com)
YouTube: [Credix](https://credixyt.com)
Discord: Credix#0001

Commit message:

Started tutorial series! Read README.md

README.md, after:

# **Started the [Tutorial Series](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLSCtyo1r6uy14ksyHTBifnvp2jisuiReG)**As much as I was annoyed because I had to delay this series, as happy I am to announce that I have posted the first video, which you can watch [here](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLSCtyo1r6uy14ksyHTBifnvp2jisuiReG). I hope that I will be able to post at least one, but optimally two videos every week and advance to actually starting developing in a fast pace (In the first videos my plan is to introduce everyone to game hacking and other useful stuff like git). The tutorials will be available on my [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC6zTcjWv8Aix-cOHiaIXFCw) and then on my [website](https://credixyt.com/), once I have finished it. Hope you will enjoy it as much as I did making it!

# Project Discontinued
This project ("Credixware") has been discontinued in favor of a newer and better rewrite, which is **currently private**. The rewrite (including source code and a tutorial) **will be released**. **For updates see my [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC6zTcjWv8Aix-cOHiaIXFCw) or [Website](https://credixyt.com/)**. Thank you for your understanding!

# FAQ
**Q: Why did you discontinue the project?**

A: Because I want to rewrite the core of the cheat without making the same errors (or at least fewer of them) I made here. I also want to make a tutorial series covering the making of Credixware from the ground-up.

**Q: I am interested in the tutorial series. When and where will you publish it?**

A: It will be published on my [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC6zTcjWv8Aix-cOHiaIXFCw) and [Website](https://credixyt.com/) hopefully in the next month (March).

**Q: I still want to use the cheat. How can I fix it?**

A: First you need to fix the [offsets](https://github.com/CredixYt/Credixware/blob/master/Credixware/Internal/Headers/Offsets.h). You can use offset dumpers or calculate them yourself, my recommendation is [Hazedumper](https://github.com/frk1/hazedumper) by frk1 and RectiioN. Then you need to fix the function indexes, these can be found in the [SDK files](https://github.com/CredixYt/Credixware/tree/master/Credixware/Internal/SDK) and in [Hooks.h](https://github.com/CredixYt/Credixware/blob/master/Credixware/Internal/Headers/Hooks.h). You can find up-to-date indexes on [UnKnoWnCheaTs](https://www.unknowncheats.me/forum/counterstrike-global-offensive/), [MPGH](https://www.mpgh.net/forum/forumdisplay.php?f=526) or by simply Googling things. Lastly, you need to update the structures/classes found in the [SDK files](https://github.com/CredixYt/Credixware/tree/master/Credixware/Internal/SDK). You can also find these on [UnKnoWnCheaTs](https://www.unknowncheats.me/forum/counterstrike-global-offensive/), [MPGH](https://www.mpgh.net/forum/forumdisplay.php?f=526) or Google.

**Q: I can't fix it, can you help?**

A: As much as I would like to help, I don't really have time to. If you have experience with game hacking you can ask for help on [UnKnoWnCheaTs](https://www.unknowncheats.me/forum/counterstrike-global-offensive/), [MPGH](https://www.mpgh.net/forum/forumdisplay.php?f=526) or any game hacking related site. If you want to get into game hacking I would recommend starting with externals, not internals as externals are easier and faster to write/learn. If you don't want to code I would recommend choosing an up-to-date game hack and not an old source/base.

# Contact
Website: [credixyt.com](https://credixyt.com)

Email: [credixyt@gmail.com](mailto:credixyt@gmail.com)

YouTube: [Credix](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC6zTcjWv8Aix-cOHiaIXFCw)

Discord: Credix#0001
